docs: specify protoc version requirement (#564)
GreptimeTeam/greptimedb: README.md

  install correct Rust version for you.
- Protobuf: `protoc` is required for compiling `.proto` files. `protobuf` is
  available from major package manager on macos and linux distributions. You can
  find an installation instructions [here](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/).

>   **Note that `protoc` version should >= 3.15** because we have used the `optional`
>   keyword. You can check it with `protoc --version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note that `protoc` version needs to be >= 3.15** because we have used the `optional`
  keyword. You can check it with `protoc --version`.
```
